This is not RuPaul's
Best Friend Race.
I feel very attacked!
If you don't have star quality,
get the fuck outta here.
Oh, my God.
RuPaul: This is Untucked,
backstage at the competition
to become America's
next drag superstar.
Girl, if you're not watching
Untucked,
you're only getting
half the story.
Director: That's a break
on the main stage.
All cameras re-po.
RuPaul: Ladies,
I've made some decisions.
Lady Camden.
Angeria.
You are safe.
You may leave the stage.
It seems like the judges
are really feeling
what we just put down
on this stage.
I was very nervous,
and I'm very proud of myself.
I feel happy to be safe.
I feel like I did
a pretty good job
in the teaser.
I went for it,
that's for sure,
and I think it paid off.
Cameras up.
Copy that. Here we go.
Queens walking.
-Oh.
-[sighs]
Got through.
All right.
Oh, my goodness.
There's so many drinks.
There's just so many of us.
Because there's
so many of us, yeah.
Come on, girl.
Just in case? Okay.
Let me get my baby
sorted up.
That's your baby?
Mommy's gonna drink now, okay?
So who do we think
are the tops and the bottoms?
[exhales]
This one's a tricky one.
I think that
the tops are DeJa,
Bosco, and Willow.
I think the bottoms
are Jorgeous, Daya,
and Jasmine for sure.
I think DeJa
did a great job as a host.
Oh, I thought she did
a great job as a host.
You know, I think
she was just so easy.
It was fun.
Like, the runway is sickening.
I think she could win.
Because when you say
shoulder pads,
what screams shoulder pads more
than fucking
six-foot-long shoulder pads?
I'm just saying, bitch,
them shoulder pads
is bigger than
your Nutcracker head.
Seriously.
♪ Duh duh-duh-duh dun ♪
They're, like, we get it. Fine.
[both laugh]
Oh, my God.
[laughs] Willow.
Girl, Willow was slaying
in the mini-challenge
with them Snag Tights on.
Yeah, From the panel, every time
Willow had something to say,
I thought,
that's a good point.
Yeah, like,
I wanna hear more
of what she has to say.
To get to a place
where you can be a man
who's feminine openly,
it's a long road,
and along the way
you get to know yourself,
and that's what
I really find sexy.
Absolutely.
It's a shame with Daya,
because I feel like
she started off really strong.
Do you know?
Maybe you don't agree?
[laughs]
I could be wrong.
[laughs] No.
I think that Bosco
was fabulous.
And, like, literally
the moment she started talking,
it reminded me of
an actual talk show host.
Like, that's what
she sounded like.
I was, like,
oh, I'm sold already.
I agree.
Today we're gonna be discussing
the arousing,
yet confusing world of men.
When I think of men, so many
questions come to mind.
Questions like, Why?
[all laugh]
-For what?
-[laughs]
I would love to go
to this DragCon panel.
This would be so much fun,
you know what I mean?
Like, I was, like,
she's enter-tainting.
Yeah, like, as I was
listening to them,
like, I really
wanted to love it.
But it felt more like
a conversation
rather than a panel
if we were at DragCon,
and I didn't feel like
there was much content there.
And I felt like with ours,
I felt like you would have
learned some things.
Mm-hmm.
I want to make sure
that my kids see me mess up,
and that just because
you're an authority
or a parent, you don't
have it all figured out.
Because I'll never
have it figured out
even until I die.
So I think that's important
for kids to know.
Because we make them
strive for perfection
and make them think
that when they get older,
it's all gonna be figured out,
and that's
not really the case.
At all.
There's one thing
that stuck with me
about RuPaul's
walk-throughs with us
when she said,
"Once you let go
"of expectation and worrying,
it's so much easier
and more fun."
Just like most
of the challenges,
it gets more fun
when you're actually doing it.
I think, like,
Ru's conversation with us
made me re-shift everything
that I was going to talk about.
Just be yourself,
because that's
the most important thing.
This is the time
to just let it all hang out.
Like, I was initially
thinking about my dad
and about
how I trained myself
to be, like, careful.
Growing up, my dad and I
weren't as close
until someone in my family
passed away,
and I think the wonderful thing
that came out of it
was that we appreciated
the time that we have together.
How do you think
your dad's gonna feel,
like, about you
being on the show?
Now? Really proud.
He is, like, so incredibly
into it and supportive.
But your parents are gonna be
proud of you, too, baby.
I'm so excited.
I thought you might
be in the top this week.
Honestly, I did think
that I could have
possibly been in the top.
I don't know about winning,
but the competition
is, like, so tough now.
Like, The Daytona Winds
are spread.
Don't you fart.
Too late.
But it is getting to that point
where it's, like,
little slips, girl,
and you're out.
Do you feel like
everyone's rooting
for each other?
Do you feel like
it's all genuine?
We are rooting
for each other.
Like, in the moment,
of, like, "Oh, she did good.
Oh, fuck."
You know what I mean?
-Yeah.
-There's that.
And I'm starting to feel that
with all the girls.
I think that
the competition
is getting very...
Saucy?
[laughs]
The atmosphere just
definitely feels more tense.
Like, at this point, I'm
just doing what I need to do.
I'm not worried
about nobody else.
I'm worried about Angeria,
and that's it.
Who?
-Sorry.
-Bitch.
I don't wanna talk to you.
RuPaul: Thank you, ladies.
I think we've heard enough.
While you untuck
in the werkroom,
the judges and I
will deliberate.
You may leave the stage.
Ladies, ladies.
-Aah!
-Oh!
Hot tea, honeybees.
Jasmine, grab me
another drink.
You want the bottom bitch
to grab you another drink?
She's already there.
I can tell.
Okay, I'm gonna be
very short and sweet.
Girl--
Because I gotta go get ready.
Listen, I'm
in the bottom again.
Yeah, but we still need
to hear from you, girl.
It's very easy.
They loved my look.
-Listen.
-No, no, no, wait.
Come sit next to me,
because you always
trying to run off.
Okay, go ahead, Jasmine.
Well, I'm in the bottom,
but at the same time,
I feel like I had a very good
awareness in the group.
So it's whatever.
I will say
I'm in the bottom, too,
and I'm so
fucking pissed right now.
I'm more mad
at myself because...
Girl, they always
tell me, like,
whatever I do on the runway,
like, bring it to the challenge,
and it just feels like
I haven't done that yet,
and I try my hardest.
It sucks.
They expect so much from me,
and it just feels like
I'm letting them down.
-You're not.
-You're not, babycake.
Growing up,
I didn't talk to nobody.
Like, it was just
always so hard
for me being myself
because, like,
it just always never felt
like I was good enough.
You can see the fire
in Ru's eyes.
She is obsessed with you.
You're on her
health insurance plan literally.
She's going to give you
an organ when this is all done.
-Yeah.
-And she sees how good you are
in everything that you do.
And everybody else
can see how good you are
with everything you do and
how much you're pushing yourself
and putting yourself
outside of your box.
And remember, nothing
on that runway was said
to get under your skin.
It was just
to simply help you.
That's a great point, DeJa.
I think that's really
important to think about.
-Daya?
-Yeah, I feel good.
I feel comfortable.
I think I'll be fine.
Not to worry.
Yeah, you'll be fine.
I think they just had
to put someone down there.
I will say,
I think our group
was not as strong
as your group...
-I agree.
-...in terms of reactions
and being able to communicate
with the judges.
So I completely understand.
If they have to put me
in the bottom three,
I understand why.
I'm not delusional.
Believe it or not.
I know I keep saying, yeah,
I fucking love this look.
And, like,
the makeup was so good.
These are a bunch of, like,
little boy pants cut up.
No, but you look sickening.
Like, you look cool.
Like, bitch, you look like
you were gonna, like,
go beat somebody up.
-Yes.
-Well, thank y'all.
Who's been messing
with my little sister?
Willow, Willow. Willow.
Willow, what about you, sis?
I just--I got emotional
like, not during,
but it kicks in later.
I mean, the one
that was hardest
that we chose was fatherhood,
and I'm so happy
we ended up going with it
because it's something
that I talk about a lot
because I can make
dead dad jokes all day.
Yeah.
My dad died
of a sudden heart attack
when I was 11 years old.
And my relationship
with my dad was always rocky,
and I didn't know why.
What about me
is so distasteful?
It's hard when you're,
like, saying it out loud.
The emotions
just, like, get to you.
And I was afraid, like, oh, no.
Am I gonna, like,
break down out there
and just, like,
sob on the stage?
And I was happy that
I was able to, you know,
keep my composure.
I wanted to live life with him
in a way that felt happy
and comfortable.
But he had
his own inner demons,
and that's not fair
to take that out on me.
I know for me, it was, uh...
You know,
like, I'm living proof
that your parents
can accept you.
With my dad, honestly,
I'm so proud of him
and I'm so proud of it.
Hey, baby.
Aah!
-How you doing out there?
-Aah!
This was your dream,
and you made it.
Baby, you made it.
Now you got to do this thing
and bring it on home.
Hi, son. Just wanna say
I love you,
and I always knew
you could do this.
I've never been away
from my parents this long.
Being away from my parents
at this point
has been the hardest struggle
for me here.
You always dreamed
of being on the RuPaul show,
and you finally got
the dream to come true.
Now I want you to go out there
and do your best
and just be you
and bring that crown home
to Sparta, Georgia.
-Yes.
Trying to stay focused
and, like, missing home
is, like, the biggest battle.
I needed this
to really get me through
the rest of this competition.
Mwah!
Oh, my God.
Angie!
Oh-ho-ho, baby.
How beautiful.
[sharp exhales]
Are you good, sis?
Oh, my God. Uh...
I've always been a daddy's boy,
and today I'm probably
more close to them
than I ever have been,
like, in my whole life,
and that's saying a lot.
I needed that.
I really needed that.
Like, I really can't believe
I just saw that.
Me and Angie's story
is, like, hella similar.
Love overcame the fear,
and that's exactly what happened
with me and my dad.
When he comes to see a show,
he always goes, like,
"That's my boy."
I'm freaking out.
I really am, because...
Like, having their support
means, like, the world to me.
You're really lucky.
-Yeah.
-You're really lucky.
My dad had never seen me
perform in drag
before he passed away.
I never really had a
conversation with him about it,
which is actually
really upsetting
now that I think about it.
I'm just, honestly,
like, so blessed,
and I'm just so happy.
I do wanna make sure,
that, like, DeJa's moment--
-Yeah.
-Okay, yeah.
They not only, like,
loved her in the panel,
they were so fully invested
and in love with her look.
They, like, gushed
over my look.
It literally tickled exactly
what they wanted to see.
I wanna say this to you.
Like, as moderators,
y'all were fucking amazing.
Because the moderator
was honestly
a big responsibility,
because you had
to keep us ho's together.
And the thing is, like, Bosco,
immediately when
you started talking,
I was, like, goddamn, bitch.
I feel like
I'm watching a talk show.
If this was a DragCon moment,
I would love to be there
and just watch it,
and just watch you talk
for hours.
And I will say
thank you so much
for bringing that out of me.
Like, I was not comfortable,
like, talking about it,
because I don't want
to bring my dad down.
But, like,
it was bad at one point.
I forgot about all the bad
and just thought about the good.
And I really needed
to think about the bad
to appreciate what we have now.
And thank you so much for
bringing that out of me, Bosco.
Like, I really appreciate you
because, girl,
I was, like, really hesitant
on, like, talking about it.
But you made me feel
so comfortable enough
to talk about it.
You told me that your dad
is, like, a really big fan
of your drag.
Has he always been so supportive
of your feminine side?
My dad really tried
to suppress that.
It was all out of fear.
I just wanna say I love you,
and you did
such an amazing job.
I'm so glad you were
the moderator and not me.
Holy fuck.
Because that would have
gone downhill so quick.
[all laugh]
But, like,
one of, like, my goals
is to, like, make Ru laugh
as much as possible.
And, like, that will
make me feel so good.
Hi-ee.
[cheering and screaming]
Oh, my God.
My butt is so big,
I might fall right off of this.
Okay. Imagine?
[all laugh]
You guys did
so good today. Truly.
What a dream.
I love you.
Oh, my God.
You two have just
been back here.
Yeah, we've just been
back here talking.
-Doing what?
-Kiki the kaikai.
And talking shit
about them.
Okay, so who's the bitch?
Hmm?
_Jasmine.
-Jasmine.
I'm the talkative bitch.
That's all.
I just talk a lot.
Blah blah blah blah...
[all laugh]
-Okay.
-Oh, my God.
So who went home that we hate?
All right.
We were all actually
thinking about it.
We're like...
How does it feel to be back?
Because I know that
last season you were a regular.
I was only on two episodes,
but a lot of people were, like,
I feel like
I keep seeing you.
I'm, like, that's Loni Love.
[all laugh]
This woman was looking at
a picture of Loni Love,
looks at me, and goes, Loni?
[all laugh]
No!
But, yeah, it feels like
really fucking cool to be back.
-Yay.
-It's nice.
You look amazing.
Thank you.
I tried so hard.
[all laugh]
Oh, my God, I just want
to say something to you please.
What?
Me and my best friend,
like, live for you.
Thank you.
I would have been
in the bottom tonight
just to get
a critique from you.
[all laugh]
I have to say, I have been
working in a ramen restaurant
for the last, like, two years,
and every morning when I open
and I'm mopping,
I'm listening to your podcast.
And I would just, like,
dream of getting on Drag Race
and talk to you.
And now that
it's, like, real,
I'm just, like, so happy.
I love you so fucking much.
Oh, my God, thank you.
I wish I could hug you,
but there was
a global pandemic.
Air hug.
Oh, boy, I really love this.
What do you have
to say to me that's nice?
[all laugh]
Your hair is incredible.
Thank you. Okay.
[all laugh]
[coughs]
Corona virus.
[all laugh]
Oh, my God.
Ladies, five minutes.
Five minutes.
Oh, do I have to leave?
I coughed,
and they're, like, wah!
[all laugh]
Thank you.
-Bye.
-See you soon.
I'm just gonna prepare
for this fucking lip sync.
Y'all finally gonna get
our lip sync together, girl.
[laughs]
I am very much
in it to win it,
because Jorgeous
is my biggest competition
when it comes to lip syncing.
I do not want to falter
behind her.
I want them to be, like,
we don't know what to do.
I'm gonna give everything
because I wanna be here
till the end for my people.
My friends, my family,
my mom, my dad, my brother.
I am definitely
in the mental zone
of winning this.
I'm sorry, Jorgeous.
You're going home.
I really wanna stay.
I still have so much to prove,
so much to show.
I'll be damned if a bitch
is gonna send me home
in a lip sync.
I cannot believe this.
Yeah, no. [laughs]
I cannot believe this shit.
As I'm listening to this song,
I'm, like, what the fuck?
Ladies, time
for the main stage.
Come on out.
Oh, fuck, already? Damn,
-Damn.
-Oh, God.
Get your shit.
Did you get to meet the baby?
Mmm. Mwah.
I'm gonna give 'em a show.
Mm-mmm.
RuPaul: Welcome back, ladies.
I've made some decisions.
RuPaul: Jorgeous.
Jasmine.
The time has come...
for you to lip sync...
for your life!
Jasmine.
Jorgeous.
Shantay you both stay.
Yes!
Holy fuck, bitch.
Con-drag-ulations, ladies.
I love you.
I'm so happy.
Mmm. [laughs]
It makes me feel happy,
because I did not want
to stop Jorgeous' road.
[laughs]
Whew.
And I would have felt,
you know, even worse
if I sent her home,
because she's my little sister.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, my God, thank the Lord.
Who would have thought
that me and Jasmine
would have been both safe?
I didn't see
what Jasmine was doing,
but I knew that bitch
was turning it out,
and I knew my ass
was turning it out.
When she said my name first,
I was flabbergasted
because I thought
I had just sent home Jorgeous.
But then when she said
you're both staying,
like, fuck,
like, holy fuck, we did it.
♪ Oh, baby ♪
♪ Oh, winner, baby ♪
♪ Oh, playing
with the game of love ♪
♪ Oh, winner, baby ♪
♪ Oh, baby, playing
with the game of love ♪
♪ Winner ♪
♪ MTV ♪